(maint) Move local branch language in README (#22380)
DataDog/documentation: README.md

### Datadog Staff

- Always branch off of master; never commit directly to master.
- Name your branch `<SLACK_HANDLE>/<FEATURE_NAME>`.

> - Consult our [contributing guidelines][8], and the [Documentation Build Wiki][7].

Author: ```suggestion
- Consult our [contributing guidelines][8].
```

> - Always branch off of master; never commit directly to master.
> - Name your branch `<SLACK_HANDLE>/<FEATURE_NAME>` if you would like to create a preview site and run tests.
>   - If you're collaborating on a branch with someone, you can have two names on the branch so you can both receive Slack notifications when a preview build finishes, e.g. `<SLACK_HANDLE_1>/<SLACK_HANDLE_2>/<FEATURE_NAME>`.
> - When you are ready to commit, create a new pull request to master from your branch.
> - Consult our [contributing guidelines][8], and the [Documentation Build Wiki][7].
> - Use GitHub's [draft pull request][15] feature and appropriate labels such as "Do Not Merge" or "Work in Progress" until your PR is ready to be merged and live on production.

Author: ```suggestion
- Always branch off of master; never commit directly to master.
- Name your branch `<SLACK_HANDLE>/<FEATURE_NAME>`.
- Consult our [contributing guidelines][8], and the [Documentation Build Wiki][7].
- When you're ready to commit, create a new pull request to master from your branch.
- Use GitHub's [draft pull request][15] feature and appropriate labels such as "Do Not Merge" or "Work in Progress" until your PR is ready to be merged and live on production.
- If you've named your branch correctly, a GitHub bot posts a link to the docs preview website for your PR. After the preview build completes, you can use the link to preview your changes.
```

> - If you need to run the build locally, see [Docs Build][20].

Author: ```suggestion
- To run the build locally, see [Docs Build][20]. This is an optional step and requires setup.
```
